[Localization] Add ids to messages part 1 (#195)
SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit: packages/pwa/app/translations/README.md

At the minimum, only defaultMessage is the required parameter. The message id is optional. If you don’t specify it, the id is auto-generated for you.

> ### Creating message id

Author: @vmarta I've added some instructions about message ids here. I'd like to have your thoughts on it

> Message ids is optional. If it is omitted, the ids will be generated automatically when you extract and compiled default messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The message `id` prop is optional. If it is omitted, the id will be generated automatically when you extract and compiled default messages.
```

> However, if you find that it is best to create message id manually, it is advised to include three elements as below order to provide the best context for translators 

Reviewer 2: I think let's not make it a recommendation. We can say this is one example on how to format the id. It's useful for the pwa-kit use case (and other contributors of this repo).

Reviewer 2: Btw, do we also want to update the file `CONTRIBUTING.md`? The ticket wanted us to update it.

Author: @vmarta and I had a chat about the id format. We will write down a document as a guideline for developers to construct the id and refer it from the contributing.md doc

Reviewer 3: I'm wondering if our translation team has a more robust guideline that we could refer to?

Author: @kevinxh yes, they do, but we will also use it as a reference to write up our guideline because their doc looks like it is for the Business Manager system. Here is the [doc](https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=ENG&title=L10N%3A+Property+key+naming+rules).

- Location: the place where this message is located (e.g component/page name, “global”) 

> - UI Type.  

Author: @vmarta As per action from our last discussion, we do want to keep the UI type strict, but since this is open sourced, it does not make sense to introduce a list of type UI here, so I am open to discuss on what we want to write down here

Reviewer 2: Hmm, good point about the open source aspect. I'm not sure at the moment 🤔

Reviewer: It's not wise to tell people how to format their id's, everyone is going to do it a little different. I'd be weary about this entire section about message id's since it's used during out internal process of translating.

Author: That is a good point. I will take it out, and maybe should have our internal doc for the id format.
